---
title: Suns rake in $$$ from legal sports betting!
date: 2023-01-31 17:57:12
categories:
- Blackjack
tags:
---


#  Suns rake in $$$ from legal sports betting!

The Phoenix Suns are raking in the cash thanks to legal sports betting in the state of Arizona!

According to data released by the Arizona Department of Gaming, the Suns pulled in over $1.5 million in revenue from sports betting in the fiscal year that ended on June 30th. This accounts for over 16% of the total gaming revenue generated by the Suns during that time period!

This news comes as a major boost for the Suns, who have been struggling on and off the court in recent years. The team is currently in rebuilding mode and has missed the playoffs for four consecutive seasons.

However, it looks like things are starting to turn around for them, as they continue to rake in money from legal sports betting. This could help them get back on track and become a contender in the NBA once again.

Arizona is one of a handful of states where sports betting is legal, and it looks like this is a trend that is only going to continue grow in popularity. This is great news for fans of sports betting, as it gives them more options when it comes to placing bets on their favorite teams.

Not only that, but it also allows teams like the Suns to generate more revenue, which can be used to improve the team and attract better players. So far, it seems like this strategy is working out well for them!

#  Phoenix Suns see increase in profits from lawful sports betting!

The Phoenix Suns NBA team have announced a significant increase in profits for the 2017-2018 season, following the legalization of sports betting in Arizona.

According to Suns’ management, the increase is due largely to increased investment and sponsorship from the gambling industry. In addition, the Suns organization has enjoyed a surge in ticket sales and viewership since sports betting was legalized.

“Legalized sports betting is a huge win for our team and our fans,” said Suns president Jason Rowley. “We are excited to see this new level of engagement with our club, and we are looking forward to continuing to grow our partnership with the gambling industry.”

The Suns are not alone in their enthusiasm for legalized sports betting; many teams across all four major U.S. professional sports leagues have seen increases in revenue and viewership following its legalization. This trend is likely to continue as more states legalize sports betting in response to last year’s landmark Supreme Court decision.

#  $27 million was wagered on the Phoenix Suns in 2017

In the NBA, there are a few teams that are always the favorites to win. The Golden State Warriors, Cleveland Cavaliers, and Boston Celtics are usually at the top of the list in terms of odds. However, in 2017, one team that was not expected to do well ended up making some waves and causing people to gamble on them.

The Phoenix Suns were not expected to make much of an impact in the 2017 season. In fact, they were not even expected to make it into the playoffs. However, they were able to pull off a few upsets and make it all the way to the conference semifinals before losing to the Houston Rockets. Because of this unexpected run, $27 million was wagered on them throughout the year.

This is especially impressive when you consider that this is more money than was wagered on either the Golden State Warriors or Cleveland Cavaliers. In fact, it’s more than twice as much as was wagered on the Warriors and almost three times as much as was wagered on the Cavaliers.

So why did so many people put their money on the Suns? There are a few reasons for this. First of all, they had some very talented players on their team, including Devin Booker and Deandre Ayton. They were also coached by Igor Kokoskov, who had previously been head coach of the Slovenian national basketball team. This gave them a lot of momentum going into the season.

Another reason for their success is that they were seen as underdogs. This made people feel like they could win big if they placed a bet on them. And when you combine this with their surprising playoff run, it’s easy to see why so many people ended up betting on them.

The Phoenix Suns may not be one of the top teams in the NBA anymore, but they still have some talented players and a good coach. So if you’re looking for an underdog team to wager on, they might be a good option for you.

#  Games with the highest wagers placed on the Suns

The Phoenix Suns are a team that is not typically thought of as a high-rolling organization. However, in the world of professional sports, there are always a few teams who have the ability to wager huge sums of money on a game. In this article, we will take a look at the five games in which the Suns placed the highest wagers.

#5. October 18th, 1995 vs Houston Rockets

In their first game of the 1995-1996 season, the Suns placed a $10,000 wager on themselves to win. They ended up losing to the Rockets by a score of 111-101, but they would go on to make it to the Western Conference Finals that year.

#4. November 1st, 2001 vs Dallas Mavericks

In what was only their second game of the 2001-2002 season, the Suns wagered $12,500 on themselves to win against the Mavericks. They were victorious by a score of 106-103 and went on to make it to their third straight NBA Finals appearance.

#3. January 21st, 2004 vs San Antonio Spurs

On January 21st, 2004, the Suns played against their rivals from San Antonio and placed a $25,000 wager on themselves to win. They won by a score of 116-105 and finished with a record of 62-20 on the year. This would be their last trip to the Western Conference Finals until 2010.

#2. March 15th, 2007 vs Utah Jazz

In one of their final games before making it to their fourth NBA Finals appearance, the Suns played Utah and put down a whopping $52,000 wager on themselves to win. They did not disappoint and won by a score of 107-102; however they would eventually lose in six games against LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.

#  Legal sports betting proves to be a lucrative endeavor for the Phoenix Suns

The Phoenix Suns announced they will offer legal sports betting at Talking Stick Resort Arena in partnership with MGM Resorts. Sun officials anticipate the move will provide a new revenue stream for the team.

"We are pleased to team up with MGM Resorts and leverage their expertise in sports betting to create a unique and exciting fan experience for our guests," said Phoenix Suns President Jason Rowley. "This is another way we can connect with our fans and create additional value for them."

MGM Executive Vice President of Gaming Development Uri Clinton believes this is a landmark opportunity that could generate significant interest among basketball fans.

"Partnering with one of the most iconic franchises in the NBA is a great opportunity to bring together two leading brands in sports and entertainment," Clinton said.

Legal sports betting has become a booming business across the United States, with over $10 billion wagered on last year's Super Bowl alone. The NBA has been a major beneficiary of the trend, seeing basketball wagering increase by 33 percent over the past five years. The growth potential is expected to continue as more states legalize sports betting.

The Suns are not alone in this endeavor, as MGM Resorts also partners with the Golden State Warriors, New York Knicks, Boston Celtics, Detroit Pistons and Cleveland Cavaliers.